"Reviewer Name","Review","Number of Stars","Date of Review"
"Rob Leroy","This is the only company I know that does a software update to their products that makes it worse. Then over-hastily designs another software bug fix to fix the thing they just messed up and in doing so from lack of taking their time and research, create another issue so the bug fixes just keep coming because one bug fix creates another bug. They did one software update that caused my phone to drain very quickly with the battery. The next software update that came fixed that but caused the voice to text to be even worse than it already was. Now it mashes words together and does all kinds of nonsensical things.","Rated 1 out of 5 stars","Date of experience: January 15, 2025"
"Kim","Purchased a Apple Watch SE 2nd Gen came with a White Sport Band. Noticed out of the three pieces 2 of the straps are a different color. The one with the pin is white, the other two sm-med and the med-large is starlight. Bought from Walmart sold & shipped by Walmart. Called Apple support today, after speaking to 4 reps and pics, and screen share showing the difference in colors ONLY to tell me we can't help you, take it back to Wal-Mart. Basically, if you don't buy from Apple directly they don't honour their products. I'm beyond pissed and I'm at a point of selling all my Apple Devices and NEVER buying from Apple again. They are in fact a Global Olgiarch with crappy customer service. For a $59 band they chose to lose a customer over replacing their band which their production/QC screwed up. Just beware when buying, pay attention to their policies.","Rated 1 out of 5 stars","Date of experience: January 14, 2025"
"Andrew Ward","Trustpilot reviews Thanks for your review! Apple Add photo Your review is pending.Read more Andrew Ward 20 reviews GB Rated 1 out of 5 stars Diabolical company to deal with. Diabolical company to deal with. Ordered the new iPhone 16 Pro Max which never arrived (lost at DHL) so the order was cancelled and we got the phone another method. We then got threatening letters from Barclays as the loan hadn't been paid and also Apple took £250 out of my account because they didn't receive the trade in phone. I've now been waiting weeks and made numerous calls a week and still no money returned. Essentially, no phone, threats from finance and fraudulently taken money from me. Looks like I'll have to take them to court to get my money back. Disgusting service.","Rated 1 out of 5 stars","Date of experience: December 03, 2024"
"Hap Pu","The battery on my iPhone 14 pro max is draining out within a few days!!! Also the camera quality su*ks I regret buying apple might as well switch back to android","Rated 1 out of 5 stars","Date of experience: January 15, 2025"
"Adam Zielinski","apple steals personal data they track all your emails. they have constant control over your money in the bank they follow you on the street all the time, who you meet, they take pictures of you and record you the front camera checks who has the phone, the rear one where you are and who you are in contact with full control Nazi pigs never buy anything from Apple espionage and terrorism is Apple","Rated 1 out of 5 stars","Date of experience: January 14, 2025"
"rick","what is this new feature? i turn on a feature and then once i do to “learn more about it” i can’t turn it off for an hour? i would attach a picture but it’s called “stolen device protection” i understand its protection but it still uses my phones location. i should do whatever i want with my phone, if i wanna turn it off there shouldn’t be a 1 hour delay until i can change anything in my security Apple. fix this feature idc that much if my iphone gets stolen lol","Rated 1 out of 5 stars","Date of experience: January 13, 2025"
"Levi Powell","I switched from android to Apple, and I can say that it's easier for me. But lol, is it really hard to slide that cord into a new phone and headphones? it's weird.","Rated 4 out of 5 stars","Date of experience: October 29, 2024"
"Danielle P","On January 1st I got charged twice $10.59 for a Royal Pass that you can only purchase ONE TIME ON A GAME!!! The first at 4:36 PM said it was declined then immediately after at 4:37 my Discover charge transaction went though The Paypal charge (4:36PM) charged that said it declined went through anyways. Ive already contacted Apple 4 TIMES AND THEY WILL NOT REFUND MY MONEY EVEN THOUGH I WAS CHARGED TWICE FOR THE SAME THING!!! I don’t know how many times I have to dispute this to get MY MONEY BACK JESUS!!! They said contact the game creator for a refund. THE GAME DOES NOT DO THIS, IT HAS TO COME FROM APPLES END!!!","Rated 1 out of 5 stars","Date of experience: January 01, 2025"
"Sarah","Was given a gift card for Christmas which said was invalid when trying to redeem. Initially reported it through apples chat service on 25/12 but I’ve been given the runaround now for nearly 3 weeks. I’ve spoken to at least 4 advisors, one senior advisor on the phone, been asked for the same photos 4 times, been told the same thing repeatedly with no proper outcome, spoke to current advisor who asked for me to check emails which I messaged copies of and told him date received at least twice only for him to ask me when they were received further along in the chat, obviously not been paying attention. Poor customer service I already know from a chat over the phone with a senior advisor the the redeem code doesn’t match the gift card but nothing is being done about it. Just keep being asked for the same things with no results","Rated 1 out of 5 stars","Date of experience: December 25, 2024"
"Andy Hudson","Can't give zero so have to give 1 star. Appaling customer service when dealing with a bereaved family, one guy laughed down the phone. They have been sent so much documentation yet each time to send another they want another 1 and so on. Don't waste your time writing to CEO office, they just say the same as unhelpful customer service.","Rated 1 out of 5 stars","Date of experience: January 08, 2025"
"Maxine Holmes","Was scammed through and app for £49 apple refuse to refund me....big company like this and that can't refund me £49 wow disgusting they didn't even give me a reason...they do this with everyone so I've been reading i will never have anything to do with apple again after this...back to android as soon as my contract is up I don't like this after being a loyal customer for many many years.....","Rated 1 out of 5 stars","Date of experience: January 08, 2025"
"Miro Morsink","Great quick respectful customer service and durable products with a magic touch for your workflow. Also beautiful products with a lot of craftmanship. It out-competes every other computer","Rated 5 out of 5 stars","Date of experience: January 07, 2025"
"Meriam","Apple tech is one of the most loved by people around the world as their personal and even business gadgets because of it advance inventions and its features and innovations which are very useful and convenient for all it's users. Just by the look, the design is more enticing than other brand. You'll just love the package as a whole.","Rated 4 out of 5 stars","Date of experience: December 28, 2024"
"Exprompta","i had a great opportunity to work with Apple as a GP (who knows knows), invited by House337, and there are absolutely amazing environment, great people who really know how to work, very helpful and just opened creatives and IT gurus, i was so excited that i drew mini thank you cards designed as the House 337 with the apple inside. thank you all. King Regards, Polina Chipolinka","Rated 5 out of 5 stars","Date of experience: August 12, 2024"
"Kgomotso","Even with a macbook pro m2 2022, the system fails an iphone recovery mode i was performing for a colleague on macOs sequoia","Rated 1 out of 5 stars","Date of experience: January 13, 2025"
"Cain","On his T-shirt Badged displays the name Gary or Gery he's employee at Regent Street Apple store. Not sure of his title in store however, he's a 5‘6“. He displayed incredibly poor behavior. He was extremely condescending and came across as a deeply unpleasant individual. Nicola","Rated 1 out of 5 stars","Date of experience: January 03, 2025"
"Cassius Cartland","App store is great! I submitted a refund request for a broken app, they reviewed it in 12 hours and the money was straight back in bank account.","Rated 5 out of 5 stars","Date of experience: January 08, 2025"
"Joanne Dove","I went to the Apple Store in Churchill square Brighton I’d arrived with 2 hours before they close to choose a replacement phone as I’d dropped mine in a pond - however I was only given 10 minutes to buy as having travelled an hour there they announced closing early due to local demonstrations . A snap decision purchase led to me having an inferior phone with an inferior camera with no help from the crappy sales assistant - this phone I think it’s iPhone 15 also heats up so badly when using you tube or when on charge in my car . The camera is absolutely terrible , I’ve been back to complain about the heating up Apple Store says that’s normal I’m sure it’s a fault i would change to another brand but my whole life is on their cloud !","Rated 1 out of 5 stars","Date of experience: August 07, 2024"
